Add information on insiders build to docs (#4694)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/install/docker/index.md

  --volume ~/.sourcegraph/data:/var/opt/sourcegraph:delegated
  ```

## Insiders build

> To access to the experimental, unreleased (untested), and possibly unstable version of Sourcegraph, you can use our `insiders` build. Simply run the docker command above specifying the `insiders` tag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test new development builds of Sourcegraph (triggered by commits to master), change the tag to `insiders` in the `docker run` command.

> WARNING: `insiders` builds may be unstable, so back up Sourcegraph's data and config (usually `~/.sourcegraph`) beforehand.
```

They're not experimental, and they been tested via automated means, so I would advise limiting your description to potential instability.
